Fix incorrect paths for JupyterLite Notebook interface URLs, unpin `jupyterlite-sphinx`, and update JupyterLite integration docs (#1417)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/configuration.rst

In order to enable JupyterLite links with Sphinx-Gallery, you need to install
the `jupyterlite-sphinx <https://jupyterlite-sphinx.readthedocs.io>`_ package.

> Versions of `jupyterlite-sphinx` and `sphinx-gallery` should be compatible, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions of ``jupyterlite-sphinx`` and Sphinx-Gallery should be compatible, but
```

Reviewer: I don't quite follow the meaning here. Do you mean that the user should select versions of `jupyterlite-sphinx` and SG that are compatible or that all versions of the two packages are compatible?

Author: Thanks for raising it – I think what I wish to convey here is that recent versions for both packages should work fine. How should we better phrase it?

Reviewer: 1. Yup that sounds great!

> we recommend `jupyterlite-sphinx>=0.17.1`.`
> For `jupyterlite-sphinx>=0.8` you also need to install
> `jupyterlite-pyodide-kernel`. The latest released version is recommended, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we recommend ``jupyterlite-sphinx>=0.17.1``.
For ``jupyterlite-sphinx>=0.8`` you also need to install
``jupyterlite-pyodide-kernel``. The latest released version is recommended, but
```

> recent versions should work as well, and it depends on the version of Pyodide
> that you are using or planning to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recent versions should work as well, this depends on the version of Pyodide
that you are using or planning to use.
```
